feat(changelog): functions-added-serverless-functions-console-improvemen 2025-01-13 (#4207)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-13-functions-added-serverless-functions-console-improvemen.mdx

---
title: Serverless Functions console improvements
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-13
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> - Added easy access to unique identifier of ressources in Serverless Functions overview tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added easy access to the unique identifiers of resources in the Serverless Functions **Overview** tab
```

> - Added direct access to documentation in listing of Function Namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added direct access to documentation in listing of Functions namespaces
```
